# College2
PHP, MySQL

In this project, we take a static web page written in HTML and convert it to a dynamic web page using PHP. We will use MySQL for the database.

# 1 Task
Run the virtual server and set your file in for that directory.

Open the document you created in the HTML and CSS task with the header, body and footprint, and extract the elements that are changed to a separate file.

Make a link to the variables on your own in the separate document you created for navigation choice. The variable has a certain value and based on that value it loads the content you want to load.


EXAMPLE:

var $ menu = 1 - home page

var $ menu = 2 - News

var $ menu = 3 - Contact, ...

Take advantage of all the materials from the previous files and replicate HTML files in PHP. You are invited only the content that is provided by navigation.


HINT:

Elements that change are: navigation, content, banner, ...
The elements used for navigation must be in the <nav> element and nested

# 2 Task
Open the phpMyAdmin application by which we will create a database, tables, values for the required your registration form fields.

Create a user table and specify the fields that you will need. 

The minimum you need for Next task are field fields (name, last name, e-mail address, country, city, street, date of birth and password).

Create a state table and insert in the table all the states (look up the Internet or download it with GitHub).

Open a new document or insert an index code document that will contain a link to the base data with the necessary data. Use mysql connection.


# 3 Task
Make a new link registration and login in navigation. 

When a link is clicked, the form opens for entering names, surnames, email addresses, state, city, street, birthday, and password *.

When registering a user, you must select a country from the drop-down menu, by having it
offered all the states from the table in the base.

REMARK:

The password and username can be automatically generated by the server, according to specific parameters.

The password can be generated with the PHP function, while the user name can be generated by linking
first name and last name, and with additional control whether such a username exists, and if so
there is a number added at the end of the username.

The password must be encrypted with a specific key at its own discretion.

Login to a user after a successful registration! If the user successfully logs in, he will receive the message
successfully logged in with the change of navigation links, entry to administration, and the ability to leave.

# 4 Task
Open a new file that will contain user administration. In user administration can access only a user who has rights for it. 

Add a field to the users table where the administrator will be able to change the roll for a user who has registered and changed his rights. 

Every user who registers it does not have the right to sign up until it is enabled by the administrator and gives the right to access the backend part of the CMS system.

The Administrator may change the rights that each registered member may be a user, editor or administrator with certain rights.


RIGHTS TO CMS SYSTEM

The administrator can edit users, enter new news, modify news, delete news, approve the news.

Editor can enter news, change news, archive news, and can not delete news and does not see list users in the system.

The user can access the CMS interface, enter new news that is not seen on the front page of the page, everything
while the administrator does not approve of the news. Do not see the list of users in the system.


NEWS

The administrator and editor can add news. News must include title, image, text, date entries, archives, more pictures that can be added to the article.

Create a new table of news that will contain these fields.

Create a new image table that will be added and linked to the news table.

A newsgroup and image news link to create a picture gallery in an article.

